Another common Windows vulnerability you explored with this exercise are the services,
the executable programs running in the background of computer systems.
To do this on the Windows platform,
once again, go to Computer Management window.
Here you can see the services and applications.
To see the services running on a Windows platform,
go to the Computer Management window,
click on the arrow next to Services and Applications,
and then highlight or click on "Services".
This shows all of the background programs running on a Windows system.
As you can see, there are many of them.
For example, click on
the Geolocation Service to see how this PC tracks the location of the users.
If you double-click on it,
you can read the description and learn more about
it and change whether it's running or not.
For example, if I wanted to stop the Geolocation,
I would click on "Stop".
Just be aware of the impacts that'll have on the PC,
if you're stopping a running service,
you can accidentally break things.
You'll see there are many services running by default on a Windows PC.
As a beginning IT or cybersecurity student,
you're not expected to know what all of these services mean.
Use the description to learn more about each.
This is a good opportunity to familiarize yourself
with typical services on a Windows operating system.